Welcome

At MusicAcademy.com you can learn to play your favorite instrument beside the best professionals available 24 hours.

How to start?

First. Choose and instrument.
Second. Choose a course.
Third. Start to play!

Don't wait to learn. Everyone can succed.
Play now with MUsicAcademy.com!

---------------------------------------
Instruments

This section will provide you information about instruments available to learn at MusicAcademy

Guitar

The guitar is a fretted musical instrument that typically has six strings. It is usually held flat against the player's body and played by strumming or plucking the strings with the dominant hand, while simultaneously pressing selected strings against frets with the fingers of the opposite hand. A plectrum or individual finger picks may also be used to strike the strings. The sound of the guitar is projected either acoustically, by means of a resonant chamber on the instrument, or amplified by an electronic pickup and an amplifier.

Piano

The piano is a stringed keyboard instrument in which the strings are struck by wooden hammers that are coated with a softer material. It is played using a keyboard, which is a row of keys (small levers) that the performer presses down or strikes with the fingers and thumbs of both hands to cause the hammers to strike the strings. It was invented in Italy by Bartolomeo Cristofori around the year 1700.

Cello

The cell or violoncello is a bowed string instrument of the violin family. Its four strings are usually tuned in perfect fifths. The viola's four strings are each an octave higher. Music for the cello is generally written in the bass clef, with tenor clef, or alto clef, and treble clef used for higher-range passages. Played by a cellist or violoncellist, it enjoys a large solo repertoire with and without accompaniment, as well as numerous concerti. As a solo instrument, the cello uses its whole range, from bass to soprano, and in chamber music such as string quartets and the orchestra's string section, it often plays the bass part, where it may be reinforced an octave lower by the double basses.

Trumpet

The trumpet is a brass instrument commonly used in classical and jazz ensembles. Trumpet-like instruments have historically been used as signaling devices in battle or hunting, with examples dating back to at least 1500 BC. They began to be used as musical instruments only in the late 14th or early 15th century. Trumpets are used in art music styles, for instance in orchestras, concert bands, and jazz ensembles, as well as in popular music. They are played by blowing air through nearly-closed lips (called the player's embouchure), producing a "buzzing" sound that starts a standing wave vibration in the air column inside the instrument. Since the late 15th century, trumpets have primarily been constructed of brass tubing, usually bent twice into a rounded rectangular shape.

-------------------------------------------

Courses

Introduction to classical guitar

1. Introduction to Classical Guitar

2. Right hand

3. Left hand

4. A small approach to the first chords and scales

5. Repertoire: «Etude in C major» (Fernando Sor)

6. Repertoire: “Andantino” (Dionisio Aguado)

7. Setlist: "Greensleeves" (English Traditional Song)

8. Repertoire: «Spanishettes» (Gaspar Sanz)

9. Repertoire: «Waltz in E minor» (Ferdinando Carulli)

10. Repertoire: «Study in Em» (F. Tárrega)

11. Repertoire: «Lágrima» (F. Tárrega)

12. Repertoire: «Study in Bm» (Fernando Sor)

13. Final conclusions

Piano 1

1. Introduction

2. We carry the rhythm in our veins!

3. The chords

4. Perfect Fifths

5. The third major

6. The minor third

7. Repertoire

8. The Major Triad

9. The minor triad

10. The first investment

11. The Second Inversion

12. The Eighth

13. Conclusion

Piano 2

1. Welcome to the course 2

2. Eighth notes and rests

3. The Arpeggios

4. Triplets

5. Dotted Notes

6. Reading on staff. the treble clef

7. Repertoire I in the Key of G (Easy)

8. Bass clef in 4th position

9. The Armor

10. Sixteenth note

11. The Dominant Seventh Chord

12. The Major Seventh Chord or Maj7

13. The minor seventh chord or min7

14. The sus2 and sus4 chords

15. Repertory II (More advanced)

16. Conclusions Course 2

Basic Drums

1. Introduction to the battery, its origin and correct use

2. Essentials of gripping and hitting with sticks

3. Essential concepts on pedal dynamics and how to activate them

4. Beginning to understand rhythm and play drums

5. Learning to coordinate different members through basic patterns and their use

6. Fills

7. Learning the different sounds that the hihat offers

8. Next level of coordination, with mismatched notes

9. Box exercises

10. Last level of hand technique of the course, accentuating concrete notes